Test Case Name: Throughput Testing on a 200Gb/s Ethernet DeviceObjective: To measure the maximum throughput of a 200Gb/s Ethernet device using a throughput testing tool.Pre-requisites:A 200Gb/s Ethernet device that supports throughput testing.A host machine with a 200Gb/s Ethernet network interface card (NIC) installed.A throughput testing tool such as iperf installed on the host machine.Proper cabling and network configuration to connect the host machine to the Ethernet device.Linux OS (ubuntu 20.04 for example)Test Steps:1.Configure the host machine (SUT) and network interface card (NIC):    	Carry on BIOS and Linux kernel config tuning, accoridng to CPU vendor provider's guideline.	If applicable, set the network interface card speed to 200Gb/s using the appropriate command for the operating system.	Verify that the network interface card is configured properly by running the appropriate command to display the current configuration.	2.Configure the Ethernet device:	Configure the Ethernet device with the appropriate IP address and subnet mask.	Enable jumbo frames on the Ethernet device and set the MTU to 9000 bytes.	Verify that the Ethernet device is configured properly by running the appropriate command to display the current configuration.	3.Start the throughput testing tool iperf for example:		On the server side (a different machine other than SUT), start the throughput testing tool in server mode using the appropriate command. Example: iperf -s, (optional with some parameters like -w 512k), Verify that the server is listening for incoming connections.			4.Start the throughput testing tool in client mode:		On the SUT, start the throughput testing tool in client mode using the appropriate command.	Specify the IP address of the Ethernet device as the destination.	Set the test duration to at least 1 minute and the packet size to 9000 bytes.	Start the test and monitor the progress.	example: iperf -c <server_IP_address> -t 60 -l 9000 -w 512k -P 16 5.Record the test results:	After the test is complete, record the maximum throughput achieved in bits per second (bps).	Record any other relevant information such as packet loss or error rates.Expected Results:	The maximum throughput achieved should be close to 200Gb/s.	The test should complete without errors or significant packet loss.